graph-tool -- an efficient python module for analysis of graphs
===============================================================

graph-tool is an efficient python module for manipulation and
statistical analysis of graphs. It contains several general graph
measurements data structures and algorithms, such as degree or
properties distributions, degree or properties correlations,
clustering, graph filtering, graph layout, and more, as well as a
random graph generation routine. For more information and
documentation, please take a look at the website
http://graph-tool.skewed.de.

graph-tool is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 3 or
above. See COPYING for details.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Availability
============

The current stable version of graph-tool is always available from the
project's website: http://graph-tool.skewed.de

Installation
============

graph-tool follows the standard GNU installation procedure.  Please
consult the INSTALL file in this distribution for more detailed
instructions.

Note that recent versions of GCC (4.4 or above) are required for
compilation, and due to the usage of template metaprogramming
techniques in the program, relatively large amounts of RAM are
required during compilation. You have been warned! For this reason,
pre-compiled packages are available in the website.

More information about graph-tool
==================================

The project homepage is http://graph-tool.skewed.de. It contains
documentation, info on mailing lists, a wiki, as well as a
bug-tracking function. You should be reading it, instead of this. :-)

See the NEWS file for recent changes to the program.

Reporting Bugs
==============

A list of known bugs can be found in the website:
https://projects.skewed.de/graph-tool/report

If you found a bug in the program which is not included in this list,
please submit a ticket through the website at
https://projects.skewed.de/graph-tool/newticket

--
Tiago de Paula Peixoto <tiago@skewed.de>